# Q0: Why is this error being thrown?
NameError at /
uninitialized constant HomeController::Pokemon

# Q1: How are the random Pokemon appearing? What is the common factor between all the possible Pokemon that appear? *
Common factor: A wild "Any_Pokemon" has appeared!
Some output are:
A wild Charmander has appeared!
A wild Bulbasaur has appeared!

# Question 2a: What does the following line do "<%= button_to "Throw a Pokeball!", capture_path(id: @pokemon), :class => "button medium", :method => :patch %>"? Be specific about what "capture_path(id: @pokemon)" is doing. If you're having trouble, look at the Help section in the README.
It generates a button with embeded text "Throw a Pokeball!", and pass a parameter @pokemon, and call a funtion capture in controller.
# Question 3: What would you name your own Pokemon?
FireDragon

# Question 4: What did you pass into the redirect_to? If it is a path, what did that path need? If it is not a path, why is it okay not to have a path here?
I passed edit_trainer_registration_path. Redirect_to will redirect to the path generated by edit_trainer_registration_path.

# Question 5: Explain how putting this line "flash[:error] = @pokemon.errors.full_messages.to_sentence" shows error messages on your form.
Put a conditional input in the form, if flash[:error] has value, it will display the error msg in the form.

# Give us feedback on the project and decal below!
A very interesting small-scale game and it covers a lot of concept. Really learn a lot and fun.git r

# Extra credit: Link your Heroku deployed app
https://salty-plateau-80979.herokuapp.com/
